okay let's talk about motor coder code
is different than anything else out
there because it's not an additive so
let's let's start with the temp
comparing machine this is this was a
creative back in the 50s by tenkan
roller bearing and they were going to
test versity of oils on their bearings
and that's where it's where it started
and then it got a reputation because it
used to come out with a one-armed bandit
you ever seen those where you're pulling
by hand I'm going to start with dead
weights hanging at the bottom of a
fulcrum I'm going to start at a hundred
and twenty pounds dead weight I'm not
going to touch it I'm not going to
change it and I'm not going to be able
to affect them these two these two
bearings are under pressure right here
when you this is a thirty to one fulcrum
at the bottom of the fulcrum is a
one-pound weight that puts thirty pounds
of pressure on here I got a hundred and
I get four ways so that's a hundred and
twenty pounds of pressure on that
bearing obviously it's going to freeze
immediately there's nothing on it
guys ever hear of this number one
product in the world to built a nice
Stadium
see them all over the place and it's a
good product do not get me wrong here
this is a great product for a lot of
things you might just have a better one
let's but let's coat that bearing real
good that bearings coated right there
real now see you see it going around
there on that bearing this is motor coat
hyper lubricant no graphite no solids so
what it looks like
no graphite no solids no Mali no Teflon
I'm just going to squirt it right on top
of her
there we go what happened did you hear
it took a little bit to get through the
Lukas
now if I take break cleaner spray it on
there take it off take off just about
anything right sure
okay here it goes
set up again that Lucas is gone
that's totally gone tell you that the
first thing I'm going to do is I'm going
to take this bearing this is a regular
roller bearing I'm going to turn that to
a new spot that's easy to do but now
this bearing is fixed it's on there I
can't do much with it actually the only
way I can clean that bearing is to
physically sand it I have to take
because that motor coat is bonded on
there I have to take and sand that burn
yeah at the end of the long shows over a
weekend that bearing is ruined but there
it is I've sanded it off let's see if I
got it off it's gone now s motor coat
right there on my finger don't miss it
son of a gun it's back how that happened
120 pounds of pressure touching my
finger it's running yeah that's not
enough how about 150
how about 180 how about 210 got enough
no 240 270 how about 300 pounds we are
now running touching my finger 300
pounds of pressure still running what
happens let's eat that you've got a
great motor coated engine something
catastrophic happens to you guess what
you're not on the side of the road
you got a real good shot at getting home
nice little piece of insurance you
didn't think about you notice something
yeah getting height but it's still
running in it still running
still running more
still running
lucas oil stabilizer is a registered
trademark of lucas oil and is not
affiliated with motor co